Docs: Update Blocks page language & description [Fixes #9039] (#9040)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/blocks/index.md

lang: en
---

> Blockchain data is grouped, processed and stored in blocks. To create a block, transactions are batched and combined with the hash of a previous block in the chain. This previous block hash reference links blocks together (in a chain) because hashes are cryptographically derived from the existing block data. As changes to any previously confirmed blocks will alter the derived hashes in subsequent blocks, network participants are easily able to invalidate blocks which diverge from actual network history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks are batches of transactions with a hash of the previous block in the chain. This links blocks together (in a chain) because hashes are cryptographically derived from the block data. This prevents fraud, because one change in any block in history would invalidate all the following blocks as all subsequent hashes would change and everyone running the blockchain would notice.
```

This original paragraph was a bit more suited for the introduction. Will revert this back, but everything else looks good.

To preserve the transaction history, blocks are strictly ordered (every new block created contains a reference to its parent block), and transactions within blocks are strictly ordered as well. Except in rare cases, at any given time, all participants on the network are in agreement on the exact number and history of blocks, and are working to batch the current live transaction requests into the next block.

> Once a block is put together by a randomly selected network validator, it is propagated to the rest of the network; all nodes add this block to the end of their blockchain, and a new validator is selected to create the next block. The exact block-assembly process and commitment/consensus process is currently specified by Ethereum’s “proof-of-stake” protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a block is put together by a randomly selected validator on the network, it is propagated to the rest of the network; all nodes add this block to the end of their blockchain, and a new validator is selected to create the next block. The exact block-assembly process and commitment/consensus process is currently specified by Ethereum’s “proof-of-stake” protocol.
```
